are you bored of playing the enormous
British spinner all the time
wait yeah who said that
always mean and add or something that
yeah that yeah but but yeah are you
actually water fighting spinning the
same let you spin out of time
yeah how do I make it more fun I mean
look this is so boring
well you can actually do some stuff like
going to mu1 or something because of
maybe more fun like this try this one
whoa look at this
whoa it's so cool I'll kick back and I'm
back to you oh it's so cool oh oh no oh
it's so cool I
all right thank you ah what are you
actually owe or no out gone oh that
makes sense
ad God hold on I'm gonna go wait turn on
Deloitte's
Oh Ecore ina really no I'm used to
totally tried it
okay I'm going to go turn on the lights
ad god girl we need sticker yeah
now look at the lights thanks for the
beautiful idea ad god you're welcome
look at this
actually it's not that different it's
just more shiny Oh door fridge oh excuse
me
oh no you should try those at the same
time really but this is just a boy room
yeah but fryer it's gonna be fun to do
okay add god you're going yay fast it's
so cool and maybe if I could do you
scared my cat a dog well he's just a cat
who doesn't really matter that much
well that's not really nice you're right
I'm sorry
it's okay a god ha ha ha ha ha then you
could also do this I add god wait my god
can you spin both at the same time on
top of each other like this or your feel
good I don't know your name my name is
Sam my god
ok Sam oh yeah you were not like that
Sam
ok add God look at this guy's look at
this guy's um
beyblades rubberband
yeah thank you add God nor won't go sir
draw if um if you want want to buy your
own first better fitted spinner don't
ask me because I'm not sponsored by
anything they'll go to Walmart I don't
got this
I thought this one from Walmart where
all the stands are a Walmart for only 33
bucks
Wow what a bargain add god oh no whoa
Bubba better but bad better big but the
better bet slapping I don't want to stop
this one it's gonna break
it's robbing a break it's made of metal
yeah I'm just gonna get scratches no
it's not how do you know cuz I just know
that okay I've got ah okay